israel and the palestinian militant
group hamas have agreed to
a truce it's due to come into effect in
less than
two hours time bringing an end to 11
days of intense bombardment
our middle east editor jeremy bowen is
in jerusalem and what chance does it
have
of holding jeremy
i think when it comes in i think a
reasonable chance for at least a while
there are
just under two hours to go the horrible
tradition in these things
is that sometimes both sides like to
show they can fire the last shot
and then there is an intense period the
last hour or so
i hope that doesn't happen it might both
sides have also been crafting what's
referred to here sometimes as victory
narratives
uh hamas have said that they have forced
israel
to take its hand as they put it off
the al-aqsa mosque here in jerusalem and
also the
the district of shaitura which became a
big flash point in the run-up
to all of this the israelis say that
they have scored some unprecedented
military victories now this is the
fourth
big war between israel and hamas
since the first one back in the end of
and after each of those encounters and
all the smaller ones
in between similar things have been said
by both sides in claiming victory
and then essentially the seeds of the
next conflict are sown
and i can tell you one thing for certain
that if the status quo does not
change favorably there will be another
round of this
our middle east editor jeremy bowen in
jerusalem thank you